reports/report2.md, before:

# Weekly Report | 09/27/2023

## **1. Agenda and Status.**

#### Goals from Last Week
- Make schemas for database
- Make list of possible react components
- Set up node.js for runtime environment
- Create a living documentation (update as needed)
- Startup postman for api testing
- Research possible ways to improve the current live build of Jira
- Longer term goal: Complete implementation of core methods by end of month

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
- 

## **2. Contributions of individual team members.**

### Dharmik Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Draft up a living document
- Talk with front and back end leads on what technologies they will use
- Send to team for feedback
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with schema

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
- 

### Love Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Create a database schema
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with schema

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
- 

### Dev Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Configure the postgres server to allow connection from all team members
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with schema

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
- 

### Deep Patel

#### Goals from last week
- List possible components needed for React
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with components

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
- 

### Darsh Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Build sample view screens
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with components
- Learn Git

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
- 

### Dravya Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Research ChakraUI for easy colorscheme and icons management
- Learn Git

#### Progress and Issues
- 

#### Goals for Next Week
-

Commit message:

updated weekly report file with information

reports/report2.md, after:

# Weekly Report | 09/27/2023

## **1. Agenda and Status.**

#### Goals from Last Week
- Make schemas for database
- Make list of possible react components
- Set up node.js for runtime environment
- Create a living documentation (update as needed)
- Startup postman for api testing
- Research possible ways to improve the current live build of Jira
- Longer term goal: Complete implementation of core methods by end of month

#### Progress and Issues
- Setup Postman for API testing
- Created Figma Designs for the frontend
- Fixed the issue where the server was not connecting to the database
#### Goals for Next Week
- Design dashboard that will contain Scrum Board, Kanban Board, etc
- Implement schemas into nest.js

## **2. Contributions of individual team members.**

### Dharmik Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Draft up a living document
- Talk with front and back end leads on what technologies they will use
- Send to team for feedback
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with schema

#### Progress and Issues
- Setup Postman for API testing
- Finished the living document
- Collaborated with the backend team to help with schema

#### Goals for Next Week
- Implement schemas into nest.js

### Love Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Create a database schema
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with schema

#### Progress and Issues
- fixed user module/service/controller
- created the dto, entity, controller, and service files for the issue and project
#### Goals for Next Week
- Start listing out the possible endpoints for the backend

### Dev Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Configure the postgres server to allow connection from all team members
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with schema

#### Progress and Issues
- Ran into issues with postgres server
- Updated relational schema updates in the entities files
- Fixed the issue where the server was not connecting to the database

#### Goals for Next Week
- Start working on the backend components such as user authentication

### Deep Patel

#### Goals from last week
- List possible components needed for React
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with components

#### Progress and Issues
- Created Figma Designs for the frontend
- Created a login page for the website and communicated with the backend team to help with components

#### Goals for Next Week
- Design dashboard that will contain Scrum Board, Kanban Board, etc.
- Work on user authentication

### Darsh Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Build sample view screens
- Collaborate with the backend team to help with components
- Learn Git

#### Progress and Issues
- Learned Git(finally)
- Worked on setting up the frontend for user authentication

#### Goals for Next Week
- Turning Figma Designs given by Deep into React Components and Typescript Code
- Implement a navbar for the dashboard according to Figma designs

### Dravya Patel

#### Goals from last week
- Research ChakraUI for easy colorscheme and icons management
- Learn Git

#### Progress and Issues
- Learned Git(finally)
- Listed and documeneted all the potential components needed for the frontend

#### Goals for Next Week
- Integrate ChakraUI and React into the frontend
